---
date: 2019-12-10 22:45:24+00:00
description: null
featuredImage: /assets/IMG_20190810_184539-1.jpg
layout: blog-post
slug: /e4e-summer-2020-reu
title: E4E Summer 2020 REU
author: Eric
categories:
- uncategorized
tags:
- reu
- reu2020
---




We are now taking applications for our 2020 summer REU! If you are interested in spending the summer in San Diego working on impactful engineering projects and exciting fieldwork, please apply to be considered for our summer REU program. Go to [e4e.ucsd.edu/apply]({{ "/apply" | absolute_url }}) to submit your application.







Last year, ten students from universities across the US worked on projects including drone based ecological classification, 3D mapping for archaeological sites, and wildlife radio telemetry tracking.  They worked with ecologists from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography and San Diego Zoo Institute for Conservation Research, and participated in field deployments in Baja California Sur, the Cayman Islands, and test deployments in the local San Diego area.







**Program Information**







Application Deadline: February 1, 2020  
Eligibility: Full-time undergraduate students  
Program Dates: June 22nd, 2020 - August 28th, 2020







For the 10-week summer REU program, accepted students will receive a stipend of $6,000 for the summer. Student housing is also provided as an option on UCSD campus in a shared accommodation. Reasonable travel costs to and from a U.S location to UCSD up to $600 will also be covered.







NSF funding for the REU is restricted to US citizens and US permanent residents. Other self-funded students are welcome to apply. 







For more information about the program and requirements, please visit [e4e.ucsd.edu/apply]({{ "/apply" | absolute_url }})



