---
date: 2020-12-09 04:57:25+00:00
description: null
featuredImage: /assets/IMG_9850-1074x716.jpg
layout: blog-post
slug: /e4e-summer-2021-reu
title: E4E Summer 2021 REU
categories:
- news-and-updates
---




We are now taking applications for our 2021 summer REU! If you are interested in spending the summer in San Diego working on impactful engineering projects and exciting fieldwork, please apply to be considered for our summer REU program. Go to [e4e.ucsd.edu/apply]({{ "/apply" | absolute_url }}) to submit your application.







Last year, 18 students from universities across the US worked on projects including drone based ecological classification, 3D mapping for archaeological sites, and wildlife radio telemetry tracking.  They worked with ecologists from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography and San Diego Zoo Institute for Conservation Research.  Even though we were remote, all of these students were able to contribute and get a lot of experience out of all of these projects.   We hope to be able to continue to provide these opportunities this coming year.







## Program Information







Application Deadline: February 1, 2021  
Eligibility: Full-time undergraduate students  
Program Dates: June 21st, 2021 – August 27th, 2021







For the 10-week summer REU program, accepted students will receive a stipend of $6,000 for the summer. 







This is normally a residential program where students perform full-time research on the UC San Diego campus and the intent is to run it as such in 2021. However, COVID-related guidance from the state or local government or the university may force us to run in a remote fashion as we did this past summer.







Student housing is usually also provided as an option on UCSD campus in a shared accommodation. Reasonable travel costs to and from a U.S location to UCSD up to $600 will also be covered.







NSF funding for the REU is restricted to US citizens and US permanent residents. Other self-funded students are welcome to apply.







For more information about the program and requirements, please visit [e4e.ucsd.edu/apply]({{ "/apply" | absolute_url }})



